# Query-based Graph Data Dynamic Pricing for Revenue Maximization

Graph data has now been widely applied across various fields, and graph data transactions are gaining increasing attention in data marketplaces. As the importance of graph data continues to grow, there exists an urgent need to establish efficient, transparent, and fair transaction frameworks for graph data. However, most existing methods predominantly focus on transaction frameworks for relational databases, with limited attention given to the pricing issues of graph data. In this paper, we first conduct the study of the revenue-maximization problem for graph data transactions and propose a novel dynamic pricing framework for query-based graph data, GQPRM. It employs an exploration-exploitation strategy to achieve dynamic pricing adjustments aimed at maximization of revenue. Furthermore, we theoretically prove that the pricing method satisfies the arbitrage-free criterion. Extensive experiments conducted on multiple datasets demonstrate that the GQPRM framework significantly improves the transaction success rate during periods of low transaction volume. Moreover, GQPRM effectively reduces the average regret and minimizes pricing deviation under various price adjustment parameters by continuously adjusting data prices over multiple transaction rounds, showcasing strong applicability in real-world scenarios. Additionally, the use of historical data to assist in pricing contributes to high operational efficiency.
